Update CI/CD documentation (#233)
CleverCloud/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/content/ci-cd-configuration.md

### Mandatory configuration

Your repository must contain at least the following variables to use the CLI:

- `CLEVER_TOKEN`
- `CLEVER_SECRET`

> Find it in your machine, usually in `~/.config/clever-cloud/clever-tools.json`, after [installing the CLI](/doc/CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find it in your machine, usually in `~/.config/clever-cloud/clever-tools.json`, after installing [Clever Tools](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools/).
```
